[ADD] PLM: engineering change order doc (#5238)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/plm.rst

> :nosearch:

Author: ```suggestion
:nosearch:
:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:
:show-toc:
```

:nosearch:
:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:
:show-toc:

============================
Product lifecycle management
============================

> Odoo *Product Lifecycle Management* (*PLM*) offers a systematic approach for testing, collaboration,
> and iteration of products across concept development, design, manufacturing, marketing, and
> post-launch support stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo *Product Lifecycle Management* (*PLM*) offers a systematic approach for the testing,
collaborating, and iterating of products across concept development, design, manufacturing,
marketing, and post-launch support stages.
```
